Hello this is Kirill from forexboat dot com.
And welcome back to the course on testing and optimization in meditative for.
It has been three weeks since we launched our test and today we'll be checking in to see how are things
going.
So we saw them in tests on the 8th of September 2014.
As you can see it's been three four weeks and today Sunday 28 of September in 2014.
So let's have a look at how tests are going.
Set number one where our was 10 as you can see it's lost quite a lot of money.
And it did have one profitable trade over here.
But most of them are losses.
So we'll just completely disregard this.
Here said Number two we're always nine.
As you remember last week it had a profitable trade and actually it had two profitable trades that covered
its losses.
But then since then this week it has had four losses two three losses and one small profitable trade
.
So that wasn't sufficient to cover the losses for this week.
Overall it's just a bar from its initial balance of $5000.
But as you can see the set is very unstable.
And like I probably wouldn't recommend putting something like this on a real account.
We will still have a look at how you know it goes.
Maybe it will improve in the next week but for now it's not a very good set.
Next is a setting in Missouri where our risk for our is quite good said right now it's doing the best
it's at seven thousand three hundred sixty one dollars.
There's only been a couple of losses and most profitable trades are here.
So I really like this one.
And let's just drag this whole down shift and drag the trades onto the chart.
Maybe they'll show some things you can see.
There was one there's a loss over their sell order that went wrong.
But otherwise it's doing really well.
And yeah this one is proving to be an interesting set that we might consider putting in a real account
.
And finally a simple system set for our WAS 8 8 is just unbelievable.
Not even one loss over the past three weeks.
All trades are profitable.
So even if a loss does occur next week we've already prepared for it.
And like the expert Yser is doing very well so it can afford to have a loss.
But we'll see how we go and hopefully this trend continues that we're really rocking the market here
.
And this just means that sometimes when you optimize your expert advice you might find a set like this
which is performing really well for this particular period of time that you're in.
And that's an example of when you don't want to run your demo test for too long if you're observing
something like this for three weeks.
We've been seeing this then maybe you might want to start putting on a real account so that you ride
the wave while it's there because ultimately you will have to really optimize any expense wise and with
time.
So you never know how long trends like this continue.
So that's it for today.
Will give this demo test one more week and see what the results will be at the end of next week which
will mark one month of our demo test.
And I look forward to seeing in that tutorial.
Until then happy trading